Clarify usage of custom timestamp format (#1267)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/loki/loki.process.md

| Timezone offset     | -0700, -070000 (with seconds), -07, 07:00, -07:00:00 (with seconds)                                                      |
| Timezone ISO-8601   | Z0700 (Z for UTC or time offset), Z070000, Z07, Z07:00, Z07:00:00                                                        |

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> In `format`, you can only use the exact reference values specified in the table above.
> For example, to indicate a year, the value in `format` must be `06` or `2006` and not something like `23` or `2023`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you define a custom timestamp, the `format` value for each timestamp component must be one of the values specified in the table above.
For example, to indicate the year, the `format` value must be `06` or `2006` and not any other value like `23` or `2023`.
```

}
```

> The following example could parse a timestamp such as `2024-12-20T09:14:58,381+02:00`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example would parse a timestamp such as `2024-12-20T09:14:58,381+02:00`:
```
